Dear AISHNA and Team,
Sorry for the late reply. I saw the design document and I am glad 
that you are planning to use the P2P model. However, I feel the 
document is cursory and needs more details on many of the networking 
related design aspects. I am adding some of my comments and views below:

1. Try to add more details on how the pure Client-Server (centralized server) 
and the P2P part of the logic are segregated. 
Basic design/state diagram on how the client transitions to 
the P2P mode vs when it tries to use the centralized server needs to be detailed. 

2. Basic Features: Try to focus more on the networking/interaction part. 
I am detailing below in the form of questions:  
For Account creation, how is the unique identity guaranteed? 
Does Client maintain any state or who triggers to initiate the account setup? 
I am not clear what is the Login/Logout feature you are referring to. 
IT would help if you can elaborate it a bit more. 
How does the user search for other online users? What is the request/response message protocol? 
message structure? 
Group-Chat: How is this setup? What connection model do you use? 
Messaging approach (unicast, multicast, broadcast, anycast)?  
How do you ensure that message reaches only the intended recipients in the group? 

3. Most importantly focus on the Server Request/Response data 
and associated commands:  There is no mention about in the current document. 
If you are relying on TCP or UDP connection, 
you need to be explicit on (a) what application layer header 
details do you append? and (b) how do you ensure the TCP stream conveys 
you the right message data? This means you would need to clearly define the 
data structure and markers if any being used to help TCP parse the data appropriately.

4. Capture the State Machine for the Client-server and as well 
for the P2P model in terms of how the communication is initiated, 
and how the communication is phased if any 
( in terms of whether some actions can be performed or not in the current state) 
and how the communication is terminated.

5.  Optional features: If you feel overwhelmed, 
I would suggest you can omit the optional features, 
and focus on the basic/core features.

Thanks,
Sameer